Americans are becoming more comfortable
with the idea of gay marriage seeing it
as both a moral and civil rights issue
but there are many out there who are
still fighting against the cause and his
gay men ourselves we would just like to
say to those people fine keep marriage
between a man and a woman and in
response we will marry your girlfriends
will marry your girlfriends what you
don't think we could we'd be the best
husband ever have you seen us we are
ripped all of us are ripped it doesn't
seem statistically possible and yet it's
true because we love going to the gym
and you know who else loves going to the
gym your girlfriend we will go to the
gym with her and then after we'll get
pinkberry as a reward that sounds like a
great time to us not to mention we dress
better than you while you were spilling
manwich on her cargo shorts we were
inspecting our oxford shirts for the
craftsmanship of their gauntlet buttons
what do you make a girlfriend for
breakfast burnet scrambled egg we will
make her a quiche a mother fucking
quiche with a side of hummus made from
scratch do you even know the difference
between hummus and baba ghanoush you're
a joke and don't even get us started on
dates you don't want to go dancing we
teach a dance class urban tango you're
not on the list for that art gallery
opening will BBM the owner Maurice not
in the mood to go to that Broadway show
we are we're in it yes we would like to
go to that 80's themed costume party and
no we weren't just checking out that
other girl obviously you we could listen
to your girlfriend for hours just
reassuring her that she's not the crazy
one cassandra is being a bitch also her
dad loves us that's because he's not
threatened by us in fact we're playing
tennis with him right now well played
mr. Bennett now you're probably thinking
sex that's where you have a speed and we
already know how she likes to be kissed
she thinks it's funny to make out with
us when she's drunk and you know all
those sweet spots preferences and
fantasies that she's too embarrassed to
tell you or thinks you should innately
know yeah she's told us we could play
her like an upright bass and the kind of
threesome she wants oh we're cool with
that as if all this isn't enough where
the shoulder that your girlfriend cries
on when she's complaining about you we
know literally
all of your weaknesses you are death
stars and we are an army of fabulous
Luke Skywalker's so remember we're doing
you a huge solid by being more attracted
to each other than to your girlfriends
but if you stay close minded about this
we will take one for the team and marry
the crap out of them so don't make us
marry your girlfriends support gay
marriage